hello everybody my name's clutch I play
ecology this is ecology ghost and this
is a start update but it's a start the
twist guys I think I've achieved the
world's highest KD in ecology ghost it's
definitely use highest it's definitely
the highest in EU right now there is no
one with a higher KD in EU and with a
respectable win-loss as well so we're
gonna jump into it I'm gonna show you
guys the KD and I think it's possibly
one of the highest cadiz that's legit in
ecology ghosts of all I've not seen a
higher one yet so we're gonna jump on it
I have a six point and I've been killed
that ratio of 27 kill streak a 22
average kills a game which is actually
the highest on my friends list I ha I'm
3,300 in the world right now
fear kills I have 12,000 in 1685 kills
to 1977 as you can see so it's one of I
think it's the highest KD right now in
this game not I couldn't find anyone on
the leaderboard that wasn't hacked Baba
Slee there's hacked Cadiz that are a lot
higher than mine but I don't think
there's a legit one that I've seen and I
couldn't find one I've spent like an
hour looking down the boards as well
we're gonna quickly show my win lost as
well just for the sake of it
just so you guys know that it's not a
hack ad so if there you go there's more
wins
I have 470 wins 265 losses at 7.20 3
ratio and 104 win streak now some of you
guys may be wondering how have I only
lost 65 games
well guys basically how I've only lost
65 games is I run in two to three
mountains when I play I always play with
a friend and I'm an itchy quickly
showing who I've been playing with and
who the ballers are on my friends as I
run with so we've invested quite as
ducks he is also on a 7 1 loss he's
really good and I play with him a lot
play with instinct a lot from my clan
he's well he's a tag nut he just rushes
he gets like 50 times a game he's a
beast you gotta love him Zayn's the
crazy Spaniard I saw you with donkey and
yeah he's sick he's a he's a really good
player but that kiss it was uncalled for
and the new guy wasn't even a new guy
I've known it it's like cod 3 but
Bahamas recently got the game he's just
learning the game to even play with it
as well he's really good he's actually
been a very fluent team deathmatch
player since that day sits down at a
minute like cod 4 he's always running
top leaderboards for that
he sucks a ghost so man sucks to be you
buddy
so anyway guys hi it's Katie you just
wanted to show off yeah I'm being
conquered by it because dammit I want to
be so yeah any of you guys know anyone
with a high KD that's legit please post
in the comments down below guys can we
get a load of thumbs up we just blast
these thumbs up I really want to promote
this video I really want to get it out
there so thanks for listening and I'll
be showing a class to get your KD up
tomorrow
so it has watching guys peace